includesInPatch (#42)
gagoar/use-herald-action: README.md

| `teams`           |       `string[]`       |    No    | GitHub teams on which the rule will take action                                                                                                                                           |
| `includes`        | `string` \| `string[]` |    No    | Glob pattern/s used to match changed filenames in the pull request                                                                                                                        |
| `excludes`        | `string` \| `string[]` |    No    | Glob pattern/s used to exclude changed filenames (requires `includes` key to be provided)                                                                                                 |
| `eventJsonPath`   |        `string`        |    No    | [JsonPath expression](https://goessner.net/articles/JsonPath/) used to filter information in the [pull request event](https://developer.github.com/webhooks/event-payloads/#pull_request) |

> | `includesInPatch` | `string` \| `string[]` |    No    | regex to match content changes (if the regex is malformed or invalid, it will be ignored)                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `includesInPatch` | `string` \| `string[]` |    No    | regex to match file content changes (ignored if malformed or invalid)                                                                                                 |
```
